Becoming a bardo of he had isolated a river, and then of course you will need to be river, river.
A bardo of the becoming, a bardo of the possibilities is then almost the average person is 49 days,
or 40 days is dependent. So this most of the time, 49 days, is really the bardo of becoming bardo
of the river.
That we go through. Now, one we didn't recognize, and we miss that. Then in the teaching set, now
what is developed?
Now we, even though our physical go, the true physical go, but now you develop suddenly, home as
mental body.
Mental body is similar as in our dream, dream body. We, in the dream, we go many different places.
That time we are not really going our body, the physical body, we are going dream body or mental
body.
This time, now we are going with the often known as dream body, also mental body.
Mental body has what it has, it don't have the physical body among the five other pets.
But poor advocates there, so they are feeling, there is perception, conception, and cautious
advocates.
So in a way, you have four among the five advocates, you have four advocates.
Now these four advocates, this is called mental body. Mental body is very, now very unstable.
Generally, the bardo who are in the bardo state, they are very, very unstable, unsecured, uncertain
.
There is, in the teaching said, there is about five or six different uncertainties. Place is
uncertain.
And then where you rely is uncertain. Food is uncertain.
Friend accompany, accompany uncertainty. Conduct is uncertain.
Your appearance is uncertain.
So, everything is, in a simple return, everything is really uncertain, unenvironmental, is very
uncertain.
Certainty. Place is uncertainty. You go everywhere.
There is no, it's so light, as a dream, so light, you can, the moment you think, that moment you
are there.
There, and there is no, also blockage. You can go through the walls. You can go through the earth.
You can penetrate anything, anything except Buddha Gaya and the mother's womb in the teachings.
They are calmly connected, mother's womb, then you can go through it, through.
But otherwise, for the Buddha Gaya, you cannot go through it. Because Buddha Gaya is so powerful.
Buddha is so powerful. In fact, in a story, or in an ancient Buddhist teaching story, say,
Buddha Gaya is, in Buddhism, we don't call Buddha Gaya, or in literature, don't call Buddha Gaya.
They call Vedra Asana. In the Tibetan language, we don't call Buddha Gaya because,
exactly, they use what translated from Sanskrit, Durgiddin.
Durgiddin is Vedra Asana, I think, Asana.
We translate that into English, Vedra Trump, or Vedra sport.
So, it is Vedra, indestructive sports.
In the teaching said, for example, this universe is formed.
Of course, it is formed. It is stained, then it is crying, then it is gone.
But even this universe is completely gone, this very universe where we have,
this earth is gone with fire and water and wind.
But Buddha Gaya, in this free sport, will still stay in the space as a wall,
as a ball, or in Tibetan, or in the teaching they use called,
like the golden ball hanging, looks like it is hanging golden ball in the space.
By similar way, the Buddha Gaya, in this free water sport,
where it still cannot be destroyed by the fire, water, wind,
even the destructions of this earth is gone, they still stay in that.
Because it is a ball sport where the Buddhas have got enlightenment, all Buddhas.
And ordinary in the teaching also said, it is a long time ago,
when all the stars still started forming, forming at that time.
This is also, I think we are related to the methodologies of the industry.
And in that time, and gods and us were always fighting,
that their jobs are there, they fight.
And many times, gods are losing their battles.
And most of the time, because they have weak weapons,
they don't have really good weapons, so they are losing their battles.
Now they need really, of course, missile defense assistance.
And where do you have to missiles?
Where do you have missile defense assistance?
And then, of course, there is another one of those.
But anyway, so they need that.
And they all thought, how we can have this.
There is one great sage.
Say, his name is Razong Xiontong in Tibet.
Xiontong means drinking yogurt.
And this is Rishi Xiontong.
His bones are completely fragile.
His bones are really fragile, fragile and indestructible.
So all thought, if he had his bones and made weapons on that,
then we can really defeat Asura very well.
So then, they all went to him, all gods,
such as Indra, Brahma, Vishnu,
and all went to Xiontong to ask,
because in our situation, we lose the battle with Asura,
and we have your bones.
And by weapons, we can defeat all that.
And then Rishi then finally argued that he will give his bones.
But then, in the till, he said,
because they don't want to spoil his bone,
it's so special, no?
And once he did, it's just, cow came,
cow lagged, licked his all, precious,
and they left the bone alone, alone.
And then they met, and all the different weapons,
weapons spear, well, and then Vajra, and they met.
And when he started making the dust for the Hunan, the Buddha,
and that formed, formed then,
this very formed place where the Buddha is.
So it's so strong. That's called the Vedic Asa.
But this is the mythology style.
But in the teaching field, because all Buddhas reaching enlightenment,
1,000 Buddhas, a poor Buddha reaching enlightenment in that sport,
and then 90s, 1,000, pardon, 986 Buddhas will get enlightenment in the same sport.
So it's very powerful, blessed sport in teaching.
So therefore it stays.
So therefore, even this mental body cannot go penetrate
through the Buddha's ground and the Mother's wall.
That's the teaching style.
So, otherwise, this mental body is restless.
Restless, and so restless and uncertain.
And then, who is uncertain?
Also, often in the teaching field, you won't get food
and not what you like, deep desire as well.
Therefore, in Tibet, on the Vedic Asa teaching,
they do a lot of ceremonies, which is called swords.
Swords and those ceremonies related with our spiritual eat,
our food offerings in fire, fire by smoke, smelling.
Smelling. So, so are those truths.
Also, they dedicate it to you that you can get.